Improve installation docs and recommend virtual environment (#2249)
pyccel/pyccel: docs/installation.md

## Installation

We recommend creating a clean Python virtual environment using [venv](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/#creating-a-virtual-environment):
```sh
python3 -m venv <ENV-PATH>
```
where `<ENV-PATH>` is the location to create the virtual environment.
(A new directory will be created at the required location.)

In order to activate the environment from a new terminal session just run the command
```sh
source <ENV-PATH>/bin/activate
```

At this point Pyccel may be installed in **standard mode**, which copies the relevant files to the correct locations of the virtual environment, or in **editable mode**, which only installs symbolic links to the Pyccel directory.

> The latter mode allows one to effect the behavior of Pyccel by modifying the source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter mode allows one to affect the behaviour of Pyccel by modifying the source files.
```

> In both cases we use **`pip`** to install a _Python_ library **pyccel** and three _binary files_ called **`pyccel`**, **`pyccel-clean`**, and **`pyccel-init`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases we use **`pip`** to install a _Python_ library **`pyccel`** and three _binary files_ called **`pyccel`**, **`pyccel-clean`**, and **`pyccel-init`**.
```
or
```suggestion
In both cases we use **`pip`** to install a _Python_ library **Pyccel** and three _binary files_ called **`pyccel`**, **`pyccel-clean`**, and **`pyccel-init`**.
```
